hey guys i am back um i really don't
have a new hair review because i've had
this um weekend before I just having a
different color and I just really want
to show you guys the color of this week
because I absolutely love it so I just
felt like I will share it with my
subscriber then people will just like to
watch but um yeah this is the you Nestle
wig I've done a video before on it um I
think was a color 1b or two it might
have been a 2 i'm not sure i think it
was a two but i did review on that um I
know recently I've been wearing a lot of
quick weaves lately so I haven't been
really back into the wigs but now i'm
getting back into the wigs again I'm
tired ona darn quick weaves and whatever
and spending so much money on the hair
or whatever so I went back to the wigs
for a while um I decided to get the you
nessa wig in the colors 0 no 0 m 203 the
reason why it's because I stated before
if you look to mine one of my last
videos i had the bobbi boss a spirit I
dyed my hair burgundy for some reason
when I washed my hair because I wash my
hair a lot um the color started turning
from a burgundy to a reddish brown I
don't know what in the world happened
with that but it wasn't an ugly color I
actually liked it way better than the
burgundy actually I just don't know why
it turned that way after washing it so
much but whatever i guess that's just
what happens um but as you can see is
light goes from a dark brown to a
reddish brown and to like um a very
golden blonde and I have gotten
compliments all day on this color on
this hair I absolutely love it um always
loving SI uu you can't fail what lanessa
you know it's perfect
she's great um this is probably my
fourth or fifth time ordering you
necessarily i will stay ordering nessa i
love her she's my always go to wig um I
have actually had somebody actually tell
me she looks very natural I don't know I
guess the way because I how i style it
um i like to wear it i like to wear her
to the side and you know slick it down a
little bit I don't know why I just like
it like that I laid it a little bit who
keeps popping up a little bit but it's
really hot in Florida so I know the
humidity has it like really frozen up a
little bit um but yeah everything's
already like this color a lot on me um I
thought it might have been looking a
little too ghetto at first because I not
had pho Oh m203 before in the other hair
but I don't know it looks like kind of
different to me um in that hair than the
curly hair but it's actually it doesn't
look ghetto at all anything like that is
really really nice it's a really nice
get something unique not too loud or
whatever or say hey look at me it's just
it's pretty it's pretty colors a nice
ombre effect to it um only how to read
for today so it's still fresh you know
it's not napping anything is still very
fresh right now um there are more wigs
that i am going to be trying out and
doing soon um both free trucks and
modern model have been coming out with
new wigs and they look fabulous and this
week actually tomorrow laughter tonight
i'll be ordering the model model you
Rena wig that just came out and she
looks gorgeous so I'm going to order her
in this color as well the OEM 203
because my hair color
true hair color still that reddish brown
um I'm gonna order it in that color and
there was another wig I forgot the name
of it but it was another way that I
wanted to water I also want to try out
um I'm not too big on lace wigs I just
have a thing about how it look like a
forehead and stuff like that i don't i
don't know i like to wear my natural
hair out with the wig and lace wigs
don't really work for me but i do see a
lot of reviews on his way it called um
model the model model i think is like
mocha and they have a latte and mocha
looks fabulous I've seen a review i
forgot her name but she did reviewing
and she actually did some altering to it
she don't curled it up and flipped it
all types of stuff and apart looked it
looked at the part looked absolutely
natural it looked at so good i mean i
don't know how good I look in person but
on camera it looked absolutely fabulous
oh I am very very considering trying
that but I have to get on a good deal
because I don't want to try something
and spend my money on it and I'm not
going really really too much like it
when I already have a bad feeling about
least with but whatever um so I just
want to show you guys the color of this
um you next we give you guys as wonder
cuz i don't and i have not seen a review
or somebody with this you next awake
with this color oh I did one girl but
she actually chopped it off because that
she didn't like it long so I just wanted
to show you guys exactly how it looks
long um I'm thinking about you know
after wearing it for like a week or two
I probably like how she chopped it made
a little bit different but chop it up
and make a little bit shorter because I
have chopped you nessa before when I had
it in number two and it was really cute
I'm especially for someone who'll or
chili powder
how does know is about how many degrees
is let me see he's 82 degrees I heard of
hot y'all just don't know with hot but
um yeah so thanks for watching guys I
would be back reviews with new wigs not
the same old wigs like this one but i'll
be back with new wigs to show you guys
and thanks for watching and subscribing
and i'm still getting subscribers having
uploaded a video currently so that is
awesome things that means you guys are
really starting to like me so i really
appreciate it you guys I'll talk to you
later probably the next mmm popping in
next two weeks yeah you'll see another
video or um in a week or so depending on
how fill in if it gets too hot i'll be
switching it up on something else so see
you guys later my